Added a warning in the ambient getting started guide (#13757)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/ambient/getting-started/index.md

1. Deploy an ingress gateway so you can access the bookinfo app from outside the cluster:

    {{< warning >}}
    To get IP address assignment for `Loadbalancer` service types in `kind`, you may need to install a tool like [MetalLB](https://metallb.universe.tf/). Please consult [this guide](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/loadbalancer/) for more information.
    {{</ warning >}}

>     {{< tabset category-name="config-api" >}}

Reviewer: This tabset should not be indented (you should instead use `3)` for the following list entry instead, like it was previously. The problem is that `{{< text }}` entries nested within a tabset don't format properly. If they have specific indentation, it gets lost. Look at the `sed` ccommand, below, in the preview to see an example (the problem is even worse if the text section includes yaml). The good news is that text inside a tabset displays somewhat indented anyway, so the list ends up looking fine even if the actual tabeset is not indented.

Author: ah gotcha, we were discussing why it's this way, will revert!

' @samples/bookinfo/gateway-api/bookinfo-gateway.yaml@ | kubectl apply -f -
{{< /text >}}

{{< warning >}}

> Kindly make sure you have a IP address for the bookinfo-gateway service in Kind, you can install [MetalLB](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/loadbalancer/)

Reviewer 2: Should we add this warning in kind platform setup https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/platform-setup/kind/ and refer to the setup somewhere? Since it's more related to gateway-api.

Author: Yes that's a good suggestion, can we also keep it here? Because if I go to the ambient guide directly it's not clear.

I'll update and push shortly.

Author: Hi @hanxiaop should I rebase?

> Kindly make sure you have a IP address for the bookinfo-gateway service in Kind, you can install [MetalLB](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/loadbalancer/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To get IP address assignments for `LoadBalancer` service types in kind, you may need to install a tool like [MetalLB](https://metallb.universe.tf/). Please consult [this guide](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/loadbalancer/) for more information.
```

Reviewer 3: Linking to a Kind doc with text of `MetalLB` is kind of confusing, links with text of MetalLB should be to MetalLB.

Author: Ah yes, that's there, will update

>  to do IP address allocation for Services.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
